[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LISA GARR: Are you
waiting for someone else
to solve your problems?
Or are you waiting for
someone to save you,
to make you feel happy?
Transformational leader Kute
Blackson says there isn't one.
No one's coming to
save you or rescue you.
It's actually you.
You are everything
you've been looking for
and this world is
waiting for you.
Kute tells the story in
his latest amazing book
called "You Are The One."
Welcome.
>>KUTE BLACKSON: It's
great to be here.
>>LISA: I'm so
happy to have you.
>>BLACKSON: It's a thrill.
>>LISA: Absolutely.
You are the one.
>>BLACKSON: No, you are the one.
>>LISA: No, you are.
>>BLACKSON: We are the one.
>>LISA: Absolutely.
You have an amazing background.
You grew up in West Africa.
What was your life like
when you were a boy?
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
I was born in
Ghana, West Africa.
My father's from Ghana.
Mother's Japanese.
I pretty much grew up in London.
We had to leave Ghana
because of a coup.
My father was the
spiritual teacher
to the president of Ghana.
And so my first memories as a
young boy was a deep calling.
I felt this deep
burning desire to make
a difference in people's lives.
I didn't know what it was
going to look like but I
felt this burning feeling.
And one of my first memories,
being a chubby kid in Ghana,
West Africa, I was
lost in the crowd
and I literally saw a crippled
woman crawling on the floor.
She picks up the sand this man
walks on, wipes it on her face
and stands up.
And so, week after week, I grew
up seeing blind people see,
and deaf people hear, and people
stand up out of wheelchairs.
The man whose sand
she picked up,
he would look at a woman in a
wheelchair and say, stand up.
The woman would say, but I
haven't walked in 20 years.
Stand up.
Do you believe?
If you believe, stand up.
And, boom, she would stand up.
So this man was my father.
He built 300 churches.
Even more, maybe a few
more, in Ghana, West Africa.
Huge church in London, UK.
And he probably had
300,000, 400,000 followers
in his congregation at the time.
>>LISA: You were the only child?
>>BLACKSON: I was
the only child.
>>LISA: Watching all this.
>>BLACKSON: I saw
all this happening.
For me, it was normal.
Miracles were normal.
The supernatural
was just my reality.
I would go to school and I'd
tell my teachers and my friends
about the miracles
I saw on Sunday.
Nobody believed me.
One Sunday, my teacher
came to my father's church
and she saw this amazing thing
happening and had to apologize.
So it was a very unique
upbringing but very
normal for me at the time.
>>LISA: Normal is-- were you in
these congregations where you
would be a part of the prayer,
and the ceremony, and the--
>>BLACKSON: No.
I was the kid.
At eight years old, I just
wanted to play soccer.
Sunday service was five,
six hours on a Sunday,
clapping and singing and my
dad preaching for four hours.
And I was making
noise in this foyer
of the lobby of the church,
until one day my father
had someone drag me and
put me on the front row
and had me sit there.
I was falling asleep, age eight.
And that particular
Sunday, my father
says to the whole
congregation, my son
is going to give the sermon,
and they threw me onstage.
That's when my speaking
career began at age eight.
They threw me onstage.
I had no idea what
was happening.
And, literally, something
came through me.
Words came through me.
I just dissolved and
people started crying,
and that was the beginning of
the beginning of my speaking.
And that's really how
I feel when I speak.
I'm just not there.
I literally get out of the way.
And that's what started it.
But when I was
14, my father also
announced to the
congregation, my son
is taking over my ministry.
>>LISA: Did he
consult you on this?
>>BLACKSON: No
conversation whatsoever.
My father and I, we
weren't so close.
He was out there serving
the world, so I loved him.
But when he announced
to the congregation,
my son is taking
over, my heart sunk.
Because as much as I wanted
to make a difference,
as much as I wanted
to serve people--
and this is all I knew--
deep down, I knew in my heart
that this was not my path.
I felt something wasn't aligned.
But I didn't know
what else to do.
From a young age,
age eight, I started
reading literally hundreds of
books in terms of psychology,
spirituality, meditation.
My first book was by a woman
called Shakti Gawain, "Creative
Visualization."
>>LISA: Mine too.
>>BLACKSON: Age eight, right?
>>BLACKSON: She was like--
give me five.
She was like the original.
Think-- if you can
believe it and see it,
then you can achieve it.
And so this is how I started,
reading Shakti Gawain, Ernest
Holmes, Unity, Charles Filmore,
people like Johnnie Colemon.
Old school metaphysicians,
Joseph Murphy, Neville Goddard.
To the Western, Wayne Dyer,
Louise Hay, Deepak Chopra.
So, for me, spirituality,
personal growth was my passion,
and asking myself the questions
who am I, and why am I here,
and what's the purpose of life.
And I look at life and
I knew it wasn't right.
There's some things-- we all
have an experience-- maybe it's
a relationship we're
in, maybe it's a job,
maybe it's a business
dealing-- where
we know something isn't right.
Everything logically wants
to go in that direction
but something isn't aligned.
I knew it wasn't aligned.
But the truth is
I wanted his love.
I was afraid that if
I honored my truth,
I was afraid if
I spoke my truth,
I was afraid if I dared to be
who I really was and tell him,
Dad, I don't think this
is my path in life,
that I would lose his love, I
would lose the relationship,
I would be outcast,
I'd be alone,
I'd lose the connection
to the community.
So I literally,
somewhat consciously,
suppressed my truth
deep inside for years.
It took me four years of
suffering and internal turmoil.
Because we know when
something isn't aligned.
And I think when we
dishonor ourselves,
there is no greater
betrayal, there
is no greater pain that arises
from not honoring our truth.
In fact, I was going
to leave school
when I was 16 because I figured
life has more to teach me.
And so I chose not to go to
university, which already
was a very abnormal decision.
It went against the culture
and the collective desire
of my community.
But I looked into
my future, Lisa,
and I literally saw I could
take the expected path.
I could follow my father's
vision for my life.
And I literally
felt the pressure
of hundreds of thousands of
people, the expectations.
And I realized there's no
shortage of people in life
that will think they know
what your life should be,
that they think they
know who you should be
and how you should live, and
it takes a tremendous amount
of courage to follow your
truth, to follow your knowing,
when everyone around
you is pressuring you
in a certain direction.
>>LISA: You didn't
just have him.
You had--
>>BLACKSON: I had
the expectations.
I was the guy.
And so I looked
into my future and I
saw myself at 28, and
38, and 48, and 50.
And I looked at the
trajectory of my life
and I saw I might be successful
by everyone else's standards,
but if I didn't have
myself, then I had nothing.
>>LISA: Your realized
that 18 years old.
>>BLACKSON: I felt
the pain of that.
Then I looked into the unknown
and everything felt deeply
authentically right, but it
was just like a black void of I
have no idea what I'm
doing, where I'm going.
But inside, it felt right.
So I had to make peace
with I have no idea.
I had to make peace
with the unknown,
and I chose to have a
conversation with my father.
One day, I literally
went into his bedroom.
Basically, I had
to first make peace
with letting go of my
relationship with him.
I had to decide.
Like I may never have
a relationship with him
and I had to make
peace with that.
That was number one.
And I finally had the
conversation with him.
>>LISA: So that moment
must have been--
you write about it in your book,
where you said to your mother,
I'm going to go up
those stairs and I'm
going to talk to my father.
What was that like for you?
>>BLACKSON: Terrifying.
I knew what I had to do
in my heart, in my soul.
There was no question
my soul was pulling me.
But the day I
decided, I remember
I walked up the stairs of my
tiny apartment where we lived.
My father was lying on
the bed, just sleeping.
I tapped him on the shoulder.
My mother was behind me.
I felt her support.
This was the moment my entire
life was about to shift
and shifted.
And I tapped him
on the shoulder.
I said, Dad, I have
something to tell you.
He said, what, my son?
And I said, I don't
feel I'm meant
to take over your churches.
I kind of mumbled it.
And then he said, are you sure?
I said, yes.
He said, are you sure?
He said, OK.
And that was it.
I thought he was
going to scream.
It was worse.
And it was the scariest,
at least until that moment,
it was the scariest
moment of my life,
because I thought
I'm about to lose
my relationship with my father.
We didn't speak for two years.
It was terrifying.
>>LISA: Did you feel relief.
>>BLACKSON: I felt relief.
I felt nervous.
I felt excited.
I knew it was the
right decision.
But there was also
a lot of pain,
because I knew I felt like I
was letting my father down.
>>LISA: What did you
do right after that?
I mean, it's not like
you could go back to--
>>BLACKSON: I sat in my room and
stared at the wall in silence.
And I knew there
was no turning back.
Because even if I told my
father, oh, that was a mistake,
the bond is cut at that moment.
And so it was a huge
destiny choice point.
And I think in life we
have moments of choices
that our soul has.
And I think we have to be--
sometimes we think we
have to get rid of fear
and have no fear in
order to move forward.
I believe that, no.
Sometimes you will
feel the fear,
and the way through the
fear is through the fear,
is to feel the fear and
step through the fear.
And by stepping through the
fear and having the courage,
that you expand your capacity.
And that's kind of how I
see people like Gandhi.
They probably felt fear but
they kept stepping through.
And then they expanded.
They kept stepping through,
they kept expanding.
And I think that
that's when greatness
is a moment-to-moment choice,
and that was a choice for me.
>>LISA: That is beautiful.
Because most people run away
from fear and confrontation
and that moment, and I
don't want to have that.
And you just go into it and
into it and make it alive,
and you confronted it right on.
And it started at an
early age for you.
That's a huge lesson.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
One of the things that I think
keeps us stuck and unhappy
are literally all the ways
that we lie to ourselves, all
the ways that we BS ourselves.
We rationalize, we
don't tell the truth.
Oh, I'm in a
relationship and it's OK.
>>LISA: We cope.
>>BLACKSON: We cope.
We make it OK,
when, deep down, we
know this relationship
is no longer aligned
with who I am today.
This relationship is
no longer honoring me.
But maybe we've invested
so much time in this--
10 years, 20 years, 30 years--
that what will people say?
So maybe there's that fear,
of letting go of the known,
letting go of
what's comfortable.
Maybe we work a job and
we know it's not right.
We know it doesn't
give us the opportunity
to express our gifts, our
heart, our true purpose.
But we stay because
we're afraid how
am I going to pay the bills?
How am I going to survive?
So, for me--
>>LISA: Fear keeps us stuck.
>>BLACKSON: Fear keeps us stuck.
And so I think we have to
be willing, as a first step,
to tell the truth to ourselves.
>>LISA: Selves.
Ourselves first.
>>BLACKSON: That is
like key number one.
I say happiness is easy.
It's actually-- no.
Happiness is simple,
not always easy.
Feel the truth, own the
truth, acknowledge the truth,
tell the truth, live the truth.
Happy life.
But not always easy
because of human fear.
>>LISA: You hear
people say that.
They say, oh, I've
got the best life.
You wouldn't understand why I'm
so deeply unhappy, because it
looks great from the outside.
>>BLACKSON: Sometimes people
think, oh, you follow your path
and the unicorns come
out and it's easy.
And everything is the
spontaneous fulfillment
of your desire.
No.
Sometimes, when you follow
your path and your purpose,
you will face challenges.
Those challenges are simply
the preparation for your soul
to develop the soul
muscle, the soul force,
to be able to face
the challenges
and what it's
going to take to be
able to fulfill your purpose.
So we didn't speak
for two years.
It was very difficult.
>>LISA: During those two
years, what did you do?
You came to California, right?
>>BLACKSON: So we didn't speak.
And then I thought,
oh my goodness.
God, what am I going to do?
My feeling was, universe,
you've given me this vision.
Because I felt a vision, Lisa.
>>LISA: You had the faith.
>>BLACKSON: I had the faith.
I had a calling.
I felt this purpose.
I felt like I had
to come to the US.
I had to come to Los
Angeles because this
is where all the
authors who wrote books
were living, the Tony Robbins,
the Louise Hays, the Chopras,
the Marianne Williamsons.
I wanted to come and
find these people.
And so one day I said a prayer.
I said, universe, God,
you've given me this vision.
If this is true, if
this vision is true,
I don't know what to do.
I have no support.
I have no money.
Help me.
Literally within 24 hours--
I was in the library--
someone hands me a magazine
called "The Economist."
I feel chills.
We always have to
follow the clues.
I feel these chills.
I look in the back
of the magazine.
It says the American
government is giving away
55,000 green cards in
the green card lottery.
Everything in my soul
said, you're going to win.
Enter it.
But many times, we feel this
intuition but we don't follow.
>>LISA: Always say
there's no way.
>>BLACKSON: There's no way.
>>LISA: That's a hoax.
>>BLACKSON: Our mind
gets in the way.
You know, I was naive.
I was 18.
I entered it.
Cut a long story short,
three months later
I was told I won a green card.
I literally won a green
card in a lottery.
And that, for me, was the
sign from the universe
that I was being guided.
The day I found out,
I was so shocked,
and celebrating, and excited.
And I heard a voice say--
it's in a voice--
why do you seem so surprised?
Did you not know?
You knew.
Trust your knowing.
That was a moment where
I knew I was being
guided throughout my life.
>>LISA: But it took a
while for that green card
to come through, right?
Didn't you doubt when
it didn't come through?
>>BLACKSON: Every day I
would run to the mailbox.
I mean, I literally
drew on a piece of paper
a card colored green and
put my face and name on it.
I was visual--
I read Shakti Gawain's
"Creative Visualization."
I was visualizing
myself in America.
I was visualizing the
president of the US--
I think Clinton at the time--
welcoming.
I didn't realize I wasn't
going to get a welcome.
So I was visualizing
all of these things.
>>LISA: You know
that window shut
after that happened to you.
>>BLACKSON: And every
day, no confirmation
until the very final day.
The very final day is
when I got a phone call
from the lawyer I applied
through, that said,
you won a green card.
And that gave me a knowing.
So I realize any time
I've doubted, any time
even since then, when I've lost
faith or question-- because I
think we all question, is
my dream going to happen?
Is my soulmate going to happen?
Is it going to happen for me?
I see it happening for
all these other people.
I go back to that
moment and I remember.
You didn't come this far to
be left where you are now.
And so that moment
gives me a lot of faith.
>>LISA: And you didn't
lose your faith in between.
There's a lot to
learn from that.
Because things don't
happen in the time
that we order them to happen,
when we want them to happen.
And your faith was
probably tested many times.
>>BLACKSON: Many.
Like many times over the last 20
some years I've been in the US,
my faith has been
tested over and over.
It's not it's not like you read
a book or you write a book--
>>LISA: That's great to hear.
>>BLACKSON: --and it stops.
But what I realized is
sometimes when your dreams
don't manifest--
because it does happen--
we get depressed, we
lose faith, we give up.
For me, there's a few
things that it means when
your dreams don't manifest.
The first thing I would say is
it might mean that your dream
or what you think is
your goal, vision,
and dream is
actually not aligned
with your highest purpose.
It's just you think you want
that car, or that house,
or that project, or to
be that actor or actress,
but it's not really the
most authentic expression
of what you are here
to do in your lifetime.
And so when you
push and you push
and you push for that TV
show and it doesn't happen,
or that project,
it doesn't happen,
doesn't mean something's wrong.
It just means you have
to maybe dig deeper,
feel deeper, feel into what is--
maybe there's something more.
Maybe there's something else
that you're really meant to do,
so we have to be willing
to surrender and let go.
The other thing is
sometimes it's just timing.
I mean, in my life,
for the longest time,
I wanted the book to happen.
For the longest time, I
wanted TV projects to happen.
They weren't happening.
But I realize now sometimes
things not happening is grace,
is the biggest blessing
from the universe.
Because had they
happened in the time
that I wanted them to
happen, I wasn't ready yet
and it would have
probably been a disaster.
>>LISA: I remember one
of the first music videos
that you did, and it had
almost a quarter million views.
And this was like 2004?
>>BLACKSON: 2009.
>>LISA: Nine.
Nine.
When you came--
>>BLACKSON: First year.
>>LISA: Yes.
And it was really too-- we have
a clip here I want you to see.
Just take a look.
It's really truly
feeling into you.
>>BLACKSON: When you
were first conceived,
you were a double strand of
DNA in a fertilized ovum.
Dividing 50 times, you had
over 100 trillion cells,
more than all the
stars in the Milky Way,
and you were born
into existence.
Each of your cells do over 6
trillion things per second.
Just think how a
human body knows
how to kill germs, digest,
make babies, and talk,
all at the same time.
The miracle is you.
So realize, visualize.
It's all inside.
a galaxy of amazement.
Should you ever forget,
just close your eyes
and listen to the music.
Just listen to the
music deep inside.
Listen to the music.
Listen to the music deep inside.
The miracle is you.
>>LISA: I remember you speaking
about that at a conference
that we were at, and you showed
that video and the whole room
wept.
It was so real and truly--
was that when you started
to really utilize media
and your own type of influence?
>>BLACKSON: Lisa, I
was pushing for so long
to be on television,
because I felt
like I'm meant to do media.
I wanted to be the next
Oprah, with a TV show.
And I write about it in
my book, in a talk show.
And I was offered a show.
I turned it down because
it didn't feel right.
And then I just kept pushing
and things weren't opening.
Finally, I had to surrender.
And I had to say, you know what?
Maybe there's something
else that the universe is
seeking to express through me.
And I had to trust that.
And that's when I got
a whole new vision.
That's when this music video
idea came, using videos, using
visuals, using media.
And, really, that's how I
built my career and business,
was through videos
and the visual medium.
That was the beginning.
>>LISA: You know, it makes
sense because your message
and your passion needs
to really come from you.
It can't fit into a structure or
a talk show format or anything.
It really needs to be from you.
And you are so passionate
when you speak,
it spoke to people
and in their hearts.
And I know that you've
since then gone on
to do these incredible
things, but it
comes from a place where you
are just authentically yourself.
When you come up against these
blocks, what is your practice?
What do you do to go inside?
>>BLACKSON: Blocks
are not only--
like, when you say blocks, I
want to be really specific--
>>LISA: Not working.
Like when something's
not working.
Do you think it's you?
I mean, how do you--
>>BLACKSON: When something's
not working for me,
it's just feedback
from the universe.
>>LISA: That's good.
>>BLACKSON: And so I don't
take it as, oh, something's
wrong with me.
I'm not enough.
God doesn't love me.
I'm cursed.
I really try and take the
feedback from the universe.
Because if outer experience is a
reflection of my inner reality,
the way I see it
is life is a mirror
and the experiences of life are
really reflecting to me myself.
And so there is no
world out there.
There's just me out their
projected back to me.
And so, essentially,
I'm in relationship
with aspects of myself in the
form of a person, a situation,
or an experience.
And so if something is not
working, rather than just work
hard out here, what
I try and do is
go inside here and
look at what is
this showing me about myself.
What is this mirroring
to me about myself?
What do I need to
change inside of myself?
The other thing, I
often say, if you
want to see what is going
on in your unconscious mind,
look at your reality.
Because the scale,
life, the scale,
the weights that you might
step on, doesn't like.
The mirror doesn't lie.
>>LISA: Give me an example.
>>BLACKSON: If you're
attracting people
into your life that are
constantly disrespecting you,
if you're attracting a
relationship partner that
doesn't show up, isn't
available, doesn't commit,
and it happens over and over
and over and over and over
again, sometimes you can say,
well, it's him.
It's all the men in the world.
It's all the women in the world.
But the reality
is, you and I, I'm
the common denominator
in this situation.
And so we have to be
willing-- when I get stuck,
I have to be willing to take
full responsibility for myself
in the mirror and
change myself first.
The other thing I
have learned to do
in taking full
responsibility is I ask
myself an interesting question.
If what's showing up
is what's showing up,
then, on some
level, maybe there's
a part of me that wants what's
showing up to be showing up.
>>LISA: To learn from it?
>>BLACKSON: To learn from it.
And so I ask myself, why would
I want this to not happen?
Why would I want to not
manifest the situation?
Maybe there's some
unconscious resistance
or maybe there's some
unconscious fear.
And so why do I actually
not want to manifest this,
even though I'm doing
everything to manifest it?
Right?
>>LISA: Right
>>BLACKSON: Maybe there's a fear
of, if I put myself out there,
I'm going to be exposed.
Maybe there's a fear of,
if I put myself out there,
I might fail and that's
going to be painful.
And sometimes it's easier to not
put yourself out there and have
things happen, because
then you can always
hang back and have the future
possibility, and fantasy,
and hope of something happening.
>>LISA: But not
really commit to it.
>>BLACKSON: But not
So there's usually a reason
things don't manifest.
I think we have to be willing
to dig in and explore.
So life, for me, is just
a feedback mechanism.
>>LISA: That's huge,
because most people
could go in a victim.
Oh, it's them.
They decided this.
Oh, that happened to me.
Oh, that was out of my control.
And it's so hard to
take responsibility.
It really appears that it's
out of your control completely.
And then that step of
taking responsibility
of how are you
showing up in this
makes the difference between
a good life and a great life.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
>>LISA: Big difference.
>>BLACKSON: Huge difference.
>>LISA: It's a huge difference.
And you say we're here
to live our greatness.
And you say in your
book, which I love,
life is waiting for you.
So who are we not to
be that greatness?
What do you mean that
it's waiting for us?
>>BLACKSON: I mean, many
times we're waiting for life.
We're waiting for things to show
up, or waiting for the soulmate
to love.
We're waiting for
to make enough money
to start being able to give.
We're waiting to heal
ourselves completely in order
for us to give our purpose.
Maybe life has already given
us everything that we need
to begin living our purpose.
And so I think we
have to lose the wait.
We have to stop
waiting and I think
we have to start where we
are with who we are exactly
with what we have and begin.
>>LISA: So what did you do?
You started at two years, you
didn't talk to your father.
How did you get that rolling?
>>BLACKSON: One thing
about me is I didn't wait.
>>LISA: I guess not.
>>BLACKSON: I just started.
I didn't wait till
I was perfect.
I didn't wait till I
had it all together.
had some big following.
I just began and
I started small.
And how it started was I had
a pure desire to help people.
I had the pure, sincere
desire to make a difference,
and that desire goes a long way.
I believe that your
dreams choose you.
Our dreams choose
us for a reason
because we are the
perfect person.
People might think,
I'm not perfect.
You have don't have to be
perfect as in personality
perfect, because,
ultimately, there
is no perfection at the
level of the personality.
There's perfection at
the level of the soul.
But what I believe is
every single thing that's
ever happened to us, every
pain, every trauma, every hurt,
every divorce, every
screw-up, every heartbreak,
is just the ingredients that
the cosmic chef, the universe,
has been sprinkling
to prepare us,
to prepare our
mind-body mechanism,
to be the person who
is able to fulfill
the dream and the vision.
So I believe our
dreams choose us.
And so if there's
anything that I've
done that I would invite
everyone watching to do,
the first thing is when
you feel the dream,
you have to
acknowledge the dream.
You have to acknowledge it.
And you have to realize
it doesn't belong to you.
It belongs to life.
And if it doesn't
belong to life,
then you, in your
human-limited self,
you don't have to be fully
responsible for actually
fulfilling it.
It's life's responsibility.
You have to be responsible for
being the best that you can be.
You have to be responsible
for showing up.
But if the dream
belongs to life,
then life knows how to
fulfill itself through you.
But we have to say yes.
We have to show up.
We have to be willing to
get ourselves out of the way
and let life unfold
and be willing to take
the actions necessary.
So I showed up.
I came to America.
Two suitcases.
I knew no one in the country.
Landed at LAX.
Literally got dropped
off on Venice Beach,
at Venice Beach Cotel.
Not even a motel, Lisa.
A cotel.
Cried for two weeks
feeling so lonely.
But I knew that I
was being guided.
Beyond my fear, beyond my mind,
there was a deeper impulse.
There was a deeper guidance.
And then so I went
on my journey.
I traveled.
I explored.
I went through my
own personal journey,
which we can talk about.
But then there came a
point when I just began.
How my career began is I
started to help one person.
I coached one person.
>>LISA: So you might have been
working an odd job to make ends
meet but you started talking.
>>BLACKSON: I started talking.
Well, for me I
started-- my trajectory
was I started getting
around people in my field.
And what I tried
to do was I wanted
to learn from a lot
of people in my field.
So I knocked on people
like Jack Canfield.
I literally barged
into his office.
>>LISA: What?
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
I rode a bus to Culver City.
He probably forgets.
I hope he's not watching.
I barged into Jack Canfield's
office unannounced.
He had no idea who I was.
And I refused to leave until
Jack Canfield met with me.
Somehow I thought he
knew me because I've been
reading his books as a kid.
And they literally refused
until I refused to leave,
and all of a sudden he came
out like two hours later.
And I sat down with him
and many people like.
I just showed up at people's
houses and Deepak Chopra's
office, and on and on.
And I just sat with
some of these people.
Some of these people, I
learned to serve and add value,
and would hold their
bags at their seminars.
So, first thing, I
got in proximity.
I got around some
of these people
as a way of being blessed,
as a way of learning,
as a way of adding value,
as a way of observing.
And that's how I began.
And so even though
I had nothing,
I gave what I had with what
I had, even though I maybe--
some of these people let
me into their seminars.
I had no money.
I just showed up and said,
I don't have any money
but I want to help.
Can I hold your bags?
Can I run the tables?
Can I do you logistics?
Can I do your meeting.
What do you need me to do?
I'll hold the door.
And so I think that really
is what I had going for me.
>>LISA: Your willingness.
>>BLACKSON: My willingness, yes.
>>LISA: And your desire.
But, really, you chose life.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
>>LISA: You didn't
look for the obstacles.
You looked for every
opening you could find.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
Look, our dreams choose us.
>>LISA: And we can do
it at the micro level.
As you said, one
person at a time.
You don't have to be on
big stages or whatever.
You can really do it.
But we all have this
birthright as our greatness.
Take a look at this video where
Kute is talking about that.
>>BLACKSON: We face some
challenging times ahead.
Old systems and
paradigms collapsing.
You have been born at this
exact time for a reason.
It's time to wake up.
Each generation
has its challenges
and each generation
birthed great leaders
that rose to meet them.
Gandhi, MLK, JFK, Mandela.
>>MARTIN LUTHER KING JR: Because
I've been to the mountaintop.
>>BLACKSON: Leaders who
moved humanity forward
with their visions.
The real heroes aren't angels
in the sky but those that
dare to love and serve boldly.
You don't need a lot of money.
You don't need to be famous.
You don't need a PhD.
You just need to start
with who you are.
Greatness isn't reserved for
the select few, gods among men.
It's you that the
world is waiting for.
It's you.
You are ready.
You are the one.
>>LISA: So you take people
through these journeys,
like you hear, and
you show people
that they can return
to their own power.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
>>LISA: Many people
come to you who
have lost that way, who have
lost their sense of that power.
Easy to do, I have to say.
Life knocks you down.
There's a ton of messages
saying you're not good enough.
You can wear this, or
be that, or do this
and you'll be good enough.
How do you help them?
>>BLACKSON: I lost my way
or I feel like there's more.
And so sometimes it's not so
clear, like I lost my way,
but it's just I feel
like I'm here for more,
and I either don't
know what the more is
or oh I feel stuck in breaking
through to getting to the more.
See, the way I see it is,
we're all whole, perfect,
and complete.
We're all magnificent
beings of the infinite.
But, in many ways,
we get conditioned
in the process of
life and we lose touch
with our magnificence.
We're born as children--
you have a beautiful daughter.
We're born, and she's so bright.
We're born, these
amazing light beings.
We come down from
the heavens and we're
in touch with our essence.
We'll jump on a table and
we'll sing and we'll dance.
We don't care if we're not
Bruno Mars or Celine Dion.
Or we'll run around naked.
We don't care that I'm fat.
We're just full of love.
But what happens?
And so, for me, the
first step for people
is we have to become aware that
we are profoundly conditioned
and that who you are might
not be who you think you are.
And so what are
the personas, what
are the layers of conditioning
that perhaps you have
learned as survival mechanisms?
It's really survival mechanisms,
being the funny person,
the good person,
the nice person,
the over-responsible one.
I was the preacher's kid,
so I was the good boy.
And so all of these ways, we
learn as children to survive.
They work for us
when we're five,
when we're 10, when
we're 15, when we're 20.
And they help us
function and survive
and maybe thrive, to a
degree be successful.
But I think there reaches a
point where we end up limited.
It and it ends up limiting
our full expression.
And so people often come to me
feeling, without being aware,
they kind of feel
there's so much inside
of them that just can't quite--
>>LISA: I need to be this for
that person and this for this.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
They can't quite get
out of this thing.
And so I hope people become
aware and unravel and unknot
themselves and peel the
layers away so that they
can allow the true
essence of their soul
to express freely in the world.
To me, this is
real power, a power
of beingness that can then
express in their lives.
>>LISA: Yes.
So you take them
on these journeys
where you strip
them of everything.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
>>LISA: No phones, no
laptops, no communication
with the office.
Just a backpack.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
I got known because I
created a journey to India.
I don't do it much any more.
But for about seven years
I did 19 journeys to India
called the Liberation
Experience.
And I would take a kind of
high-level visionary, a leader,
someone in a position of
power, because I wanted people
in positions of power
to be transformed
so that, from their
transformation,
they could come back
and make an impact.
I take away your passport.
I take away your money.
You have a backpack,
a pair of clothes,
no idea where you're going.
I make you sign
your will in case
you don't come back,
basically face death.
I make you write letters to
everyone in your life in case
you don't come back.
Luckily, of 19 journeys,
everyone came back.
But I think we have to
be willing to face death.
So many of us, we're
so afraid of dying.
And we're so resistant
to the thought
of dying that I think it limits
our full capacity to live
fully.
And I think one of
the keys to freedom
is making peace with death.
So I like to tell people,
make death your friend.
Bring death to tea.
Have some tea with death.
And you'll realize, ultimately,
the true essence of who
you are, your soul, your
being, is beyond birth,
is beyond death.
The question is not
whether we're going to die.
It's whether we're
going to live.
Bruce Lee, Bob Marley, Muhammad
Ali, Jesus, Buddha, Gandhi,
Mother Teresa, David Bowie.
Everyone, you and
I, we will die.
We all have one
thing in common--
time.
The question is how will
we use this precious time?
And so I have people face death
so that they can make peace
with death and then get on
with the business of living.
>>LISA: Do you take them into
situations that are dangerous?
>>BLACKSON: I create--
in India, it's
a 14-day, 24/7
experiential immersion,
one-on-one process in India.
And I would create situations,
and India would create
situations spontaneously.
But I would also
architect situations
based on what I felt
was some of their fears
and their resistances.
Because, many times,
we think we're
free until you take away
someone's iPhone, and someone's
clothes, and someone's
makeup, and someone's control.
And now they're in the unknown.
And we think we're free.
But if your freedom,
I told people,
is based on things
outside, then it
is a pseudo-freedom, because
everything in the world
is temporary.
It's transitory.
For me, Nelson Mandela
accessed the deep freedom.
26 years in prison.
Still free in his
being, not allowing
himself to be bitter or angry.
I mean, I'm sure he
went through a process,
but able to come out and
be compassionate and love.
That is a freedom that is not
dependent on anything outside.
For me, that's real freedom.
So my vision in
creating these journeys
is to help people access
an inner freedom that
is unshakable, not
dependent on anything.
So I create situations
and experiences
and put people in situations
that bring up their stuff,
and then I help them
identify, transform,
and heal through their
patterns of conditioning.
>>LISA: Wow.
That must be intense.
>>BLACKSON: Intense.
>>LISA: Intense.
But they come out
completely changed.
>>BLACKSON: Totally transformed.
Really transformed.
>>LISA: And it lasts.
Because it's not a workshop.
>>BLACKSON: No, no.
It's a deep dive, one-on-one,
24/7 experiential journey.
And now I do it in
Bali with 20 people
at a time, people from all
walks of life, which is amazing,
and fun, and intense.
But, ultimately, I feel
like we all are here
and put on this planet
at this unique time.
We're living in intense times,
this unique time in history,
because we--
the world is waiting
for our gifts.
>>LISA: Well, what
about the stories?
I mean, you hear
people's stories
and where they've come from.
And you're smiling.
You smile when I talk
about people's stories.
They've had a hard life.
People have had hard lives.
You're still smiling.
Why?
>>BLACKSON: I'm smiling
because, I think, on one level,
we have all had hard lives.
Life is hard.
Life is challenging.
Life is not easy on one level.
But I think, on a deeper
level, we all incarnate
into this human experience as--
we're souls.
And we incarnate into this
human experience, I feel,
because life is a school.
And we are here to
grow, learn, and evolve.
And how we grow, learn, and
evolve are through experiences.
And some experiences
are very painful.
So I see life as a classroom.
And so I think many of the
challenges that people face--
pain, death, trauma,
divorce, all of these--
they are lessons
that we have been
born to learn and grow through.
And so I don't just
look at experiences
on the surface as good or bad.
I really look at
things on a soul level.
And when I see someone going
through a very difficult
situation-- like I've been
in India and seen some people
in deeply challenging
situations--
it taught me to really have
deep respect for their soul.
Like, wow.
When I saw this
handicapped person in India
crawling upside down,
first time I went to India,
I felt such pity.
Then I realized he's
taken the PhD program
in this lifetime, this soul.
When I look him just as a
personality, It's like, wow.
I feel sorry.
That's not nothing
to smile about.
But when I really
realized what kind of
soul would choose this
intense situation--
I don't know if I could do it.
What kind of soul would
choose this intense situation
to go through?
Handicapped, no legs, no
eyes, in India, poverty.
That is an advanced level
course of the human experience.
And so I started to, rather
than feeling sorry for people
or feeling bad for
people, started
to have a deep respect for
another soul and their journey.
And I don't know what
someone's soul journey is.
I just know we are
all on a soul journey.
>>LISA: You spoke to
this person, right?
Yes.
Not interviews but,
through a translator,
asked deep questions.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
One time, I was in India.
This was before my journeys.
This is when I was
on my personal quest
about 17 years ago.
I put everything in storage,
got rid of all my possessions,
broke up with my girlfriend.
I was offered a TV show.
I chose not to take the TV show.
I got a little depressed
because I felt like things
weren't working out in my life.
And I decided that I was not
going to come back to the West,
to America, until I found
certain answers for myself.
I wanted to know
for my own self,
not because of what Gandhi
said, or Mandela said.
I wanted to know for
myself what truth was.
Traveled to India in
a quest of happiness.
I went to the Himalayas,
high and wide.
I ended up in Bodh Gaya,
where the Bodhi Tree is where
the Buddha got enlightened.
I saw these 10 beggars
one day, lined up.
Now, I'd been there two weeks.
I paid these
beggars no attention
because I thought my great
breakthrough was going
to come from some wholly
enlightened guru guy sitting
on a mountain.
And there were these 10 beggars
there and it was 120 degrees.
I'm dying, Lisa.
I'm getting depressed
by the moment
on a quest for happiness.
I see this one beggar.
They're all begging for money.
And here's this one beggar
sitting on the floor
and he's singing.
I mean, he is singing his heart
out like praises to his god.
I had no idea what
he was saying,
other than-- you
know when someone
is singing from such a depth
of soul that it moves you?
I was so moved by this
man I started to cry.
And so I looked at him and
I realized he was blind.
I thought, my god,
he can't even see
how much money he's getting.
He can't even see if anyone
is appreciating his singing.
And tears just uncontrollably
started flowing from me.
I looked at him and he
was beating the drums
with stumps for arms.
He had no arms and he was
beating the drums, singing.
Couldn't go to the
toilet by himself.
Couldn't eat by himself.
I just broke down even more.
Then I looked more closely.
The reason he was
sitting on the floor
was because he had no legs.
They told me the
story of this man.
They told me that certain
parents in parts of India--
this was very poor
part of India--
sometimes deformed
their kids because they
stand more chance of making
money begging this way.
My heart broke open.
When I looked at this man, I
realized he was not a beggar.
I realized I was the beggar.
Whenever I hold my
gifts back, whenever
I'm waiting for some special
moment in the future, whenever
I try to protect
myself and don't
give my love with the world,
I am begging from life.
And so I was so moved I went
up to this man and I said--
I knelt in front of him
and looked him in the eyes.
He couldn't see me but I
felt like he looked right
into my soul.
And I said to him,
how do you do it?
Every day, how do you--
because I realized he'd
been coming here every day.
How do you come here every
day and give your gift?
My friend doesn't
call me back one time,
I get rejected one time,
I'm mad at the world.
I'm mad at God.
I'm about to give up.
And here you are just
singing your heart and soul.
>>LISA: Every day.
>>BLACKSON: Every day.
And he was singing, and he
looked at me and he said,
what else is there to do?
And he kept singing.
And I was like, he's true.
What else is there to do?
Then he looked at me
again and he said,
sometimes life might
give you what you want
and life may not give you
what you want sometimes.
But you can always
give life who you are.
For me, my heart my
heart just exploded.
And he said, that's
why I do what I do.
And I realized--
>>LISA: He's the gift.
>>BLACKSON: --I have met the
richest man in the world.
Because he was giving his gift.
I think real
happiness is not when
you are trying to get from
life, acquire from life
but when you are
giving your heart.
You're giving yourself.
You're in service to people.
Because you take nothing with
you at the end of your life.
>>LISA: And if you don't share
those gifts with the world,
then they're all for nothing.
>>BLACKSON: For nothing.
>>LISA: We chose to incarnate
and we don't share the gift
with the world, and
you leave this planet
and you're just going to
come back into it again.
Wow, what a phenomenal
teacher and a beautiful man,
that you were able to see
it and you wrote about it
in your book to share
him with the world, which
I think is incredible.
>>BLACKSON: His gift lives on.
>>LISA: Yes, it does,
continues to live on.
>>BLACKSON: And
so you never know
how your gift will touch people.
>>LISA: That's right.
>>BLACKSON: He has no idea that
his gift is reaching hundreds
of thousands of people.
Had no idea.
So we have to do it,
because I believe
that there are
people waiting for us
and there are people
that need to hear
the message, or the
teaching, or whatever
it is we want to give
in the way that only
we can uniquely give it.
>>LISA: One person at a time.
>>BLACKSON: One
person at a time.
>>LISA: And then if you
inspire that person,
they could go on and inspire the
next and the next and the next.
But it does take getting out
of our story of what we've
told ourselves or experienced.
And as you said,
bad things do happen
and people die and it's painful.
And you've been
through this where
your mother just recently--
>>BLACKSON: My mother passed.
My mother passed away
about 14 months ago.
And here's a woman who--
her whole life
was about serving.
And it was deeply painful,
deeply challenging.
I live in LA, she
lives in London.
I was flying back to London
literally every three weeks
to be with her.
And what was interesting
was, as painful as it was--
and I grieved, and I cried,
and there were tears--
it was the best year
of my life, because I
got to sit in
chemotherapy sessions
with my mother for eight
hours straight, Lisa,
just holding her hand and
talking to her about things
I hadn't talked to her
about since I was eight.
And her and I looked at
each other and I said,
you know, I have to
thank the cancer.
She had stomach cancer.
I had to thank cancer for
bringing her and I closer.
It was a huge blessing.
My only regret-- and I hope
everyone is maybe inspired
by this piece--
and I loved my mother.
We had a beautiful relationship.
My only regret was not spending
enough time with my mother.
That's my only regret
in retrospect now.
So I feel life is short.
Life is short.
None of us know when that
moment is going to come.
None of us know when
we're going to die.
I didn't know my mother
was going to die that year.
But when I looked her in
the eyes, it was amazing.
I said, are you afraid?
And she said, no,
I'm not afraid.
I know I'm not this body.
I know I'm a spirit,
that this body is just
a temporary vehicle that my
soul is traveling through.
And I said, so what do you want?
She said, I just
want God's will.
Whatever God wants is
really what I want.
And so I think what I
learned from her in this time
was what allowed her to
not suffer during her year
that she had.
Probably my favorite
moment of my entire life
was holding my mother,
looking her in the eyes,
and letting her know-- it's
telling my mother, mom, thank
you for the privilege
of being my mother.
Thank you for having me.
Thank you for the
opportunity to know you.
And I hope everyone watching
takes the moment to feel death
because we don't know.
I hope everyone lets those
they love-- their kids,
their loved ones,
their parents--
I hope everyone lets
them know how much they
care, how much they mean to
them, because once it's over,
it's over.
>>LISA: Coming back and
doing that to a parent is
so incredible,
sharing that moment,
because they give so
much and selflessly--
>>BLACKSON: Selfless.
>>LISA: --all the time.
All the time.
Anyone knows that
that's a parent.
And how is your relationship
with your father now?
>>BLACKSON: It's beautiful now.
We were close but not so
close, but after this moment
with my mother--
my father and I had a few
butting head moments--
I decided to just
totally drop it.
What I realized was, ultimately,
in life, the only thing
that matters is the loving.
That is the only
thing that matters.
In any kind of like things I
thought he should have done
and shouldn't have done,
and with her, honestly, I
dropped it completely.
And I just chose to-- for me,
the shift happened even more
so once she passed because
I chose to completely--
this was the key to my
shift with my father--
to completely accept my
father exactly as he is
and as he isn't, that
he's not going to change.
I dropped all--
I mean all-- expectations.
Look, luckily, he
wasn't abusive.
And that's a whole
different situation
if someone's being abusive.
But he wasn't what I
wanted him to be yet,
but I dropped all
expectations, that
then allowed me to
just receive whatever
he was able to give me.
Which maybe is not everything
but it was something.
And so now we have an
amazing relationship.
I call him every single day.
My decision was the only
thing that matters is love
and he has melted.
Our relationship
has transformed.
So I hope everyone, you just get
on with the business of loving,
because it's the only
thing that matters.
It's the only thing we're
going to care about.
The people in 9/11 had no
idea they weren't coming home
that night to be able to look
their loved ones in the eyes
and say I'm sorry.
Don't waste time.
>>LISA: And the loved ones
who lost those people are also
thinking that every day, that
they wanted that last moment
with their loved one.
And sometimes we
get so lost in life
that we forget to tell the
people that we are with,
and they are alive.
>>BLACKSON: We take
them for granted.
>>LISA: Yes.
We do love them, yes.
I have a question
and I just want
to know how did your dad
deal with being a healer
and not being able
to heal your mother?
>>BLACKSON: Wow.
I think it was
challenging for him.
And I think it was a
profound gift and humbling
lesson for him.
Look, I think everyone
has their journey,
and he has his journey.
And I really actually
believe that my mother
passed away first-- she
had to pass away first
because her soul actually
wanted to gift my father
and I a closer relationship.
>>LISA: Ah.
That's beautiful.
>>BLACKSON: And so, for
me, it was beautiful
because I got to take my mother
from London back to Ghana
to reunite them.
Because they were
still together but
they were living
in separate places.
She was looking after
the church in London.
And that they got to complete
their relationship together.
Because they started their
relationship together
in a crazy way
40-some years ago.
And they got to end their
relationship together
in the most beautiful way.
>>LISA: That's a beautiful--
you look at it as a gift.
It was a gift--
>>BLACKSON: Profound gift.
>>LISA: --all around.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
>>LISA: And for you too.
And then you continue to
give that gift to people.
So if people are
looking for a way
to find that truth, that beauty,
that love within themselves,
how can they get there?
What types of
questions can we ask?
>>BLACKSON: You know, there's a
lot of questions, but I think,
in a simple way, as I said
earlier, one of the things
that keeps us stuck
are the ways we don't
tell the truth to ourselves.
And so I think
that we first have
to begin by telling
the truth to ourselves,
or at least beginning
that exploration.
First question I
would invite people
to sit with is, what
lies am I telling myself?
What lies--
>>LISA: How do you even know?
>>BLACKSON: A simple ques--
to feel.
I think you start-- you
know that something is off
because something
feels off inside.
Or you feel some
kind of dissonance.
You feel pain, you feel
guilt, you feel shame,
you feel depressed.
All of these negative feelings
are actually blessings.
All of these negative
feelings, I think,
are signals that so often
we do not pay attention to.
We distract ourselves.
We social media it away.
We work it away.
We shop it away.
We sex it away.
We eat it away.
We do whatever it
takes to not feel
this uncomfortable
negative feeling--
sadness, anger, hurt,
resentment, what have you--
when they are trying
to tell us something.
Feelings are simply signals that
we need to pay attention to,
that, if we don't
pay attention to,
grow and manifest
in different ways.
>>LISA: Right.
If you don't speak about them.
>>BLACKSON: And so
that's how we know.
It may not be this big thing.
It might just be like
something's off inside.
So listen to the signal.
So what lies am
I telling myself?
Most of the time, we know, Lisa.
How many times--
I mean, it doesn't have
to be a confession.
But how many times have we been
in a relationship in the past
where you met someone
and it wasn't--
is this the one?
Is this not the one?
The moment you broke
up with that person
after years of going
back and forth,
you told your best friend,
I knew that was never
going to work out.
In fact, many of us, we knew
the moment we met that person.
We have this knowing.
We have to learn to trust
that still feeling, sense,
intuition inside of us.
So deep down, we do know.
So what lies am
I telling myself?
What am I pretending to
not know is a key question.
When am I pretending
to not know?
And we have to want the truth
more than we want what we want.
We have to want the truth.
Or let me rephrase that.
We have to want the truth--
>>LISA: More than the lie.
>>BLACKSON: More than the lie.
Or want the truth more than
we want what we think we want.
Right?
>>LISA: Yes.
It could be disrupting,
though, the truth.
>>BLACKSON: It can
be dis-- so, look,
I ask people in my events
and seminars, what do you
want more than anything else?
What do you want more
than anything else?
Many times, we don't want the
truth more than anything else
because we're afraid
of the consequences.
But if we really want--
if your child was on the
line, what's the truth?
We know.
So be willing to be
ruthless, uncompromising,
non-negotiable with the truth.
>>LISA: With yourself.
>>BLACKSON: With yourself.
What am I pretending
to not know?
What is this lie costing me?
And, actually, be
willing to feel the cost.
Be willing to feel the pain.
Many times, we know something's
off or we know it's a lie
but we distract ourselves again.
We don't want to feel the
pain of what it's costing us,
because we know
if we feel it, we
might have to do
something about it.
And so to actually sit in the
pain of the acknowledgment
of the lie.
And I say even if you're
not willing to do anything
about the truth, feel it.
Let it burn.
Burn in the truth, because
then it's only a matter of time
until something will stir
and you will eventually
start moving.
At least tell yourself,
this is the truth.
I hate my job.
I'm too afraid to do something
about it because I'm not sure
how I'm going to survive,
but I know I hate my job.
And then you end confusion.
We sometimes play this
game of confusion.
I'm confused.
I don't know.
This game of I don't
know when we do.
So what is it costing you?
And actually feel.
What am I really afraid
of if I tell the truth?
Sometimes what we think we're
afraid of is not even that
real.
And then when we actually
face it, we ask ourselves,
was that it?
It was not as bad as I
thought it was going to be.
>>LISA: All this
amounts to an explosion
and then you regret
the explosion.
Whereas if you really
take care of it
and you listen to your
truth along the way,
it doesn't come out as
that burst at the end
where you do regret it.
>>BLACKSON: Or
sometimes we make up
this kind of negative
future fantasy
about the worst
case scenario that's
going to happen that never
actually happens or it's
nowhere nearly as
bad as we thought.
We freak ourselves
out in the moment.
>>LISA: And we're just living in
that space of that anticipation
of it happening.
>>BLACKSON: We're
living in it now.
And so sometimes when you can
face the worst case and go,
this is the worst case
of telling the truth.
I'm going to lose this person.
I'm going to lose this situa--
can I deal with that?
Many times, if you
can really face that,
there's a profound free--
I can deal with that worst case.
There's a profound freedom.
And the last thing I
invite people to sit with
is, what amazing
thing might happen?
What incredible thing
might happen by telling--
OK, maybe you lose this
situation or this person,
but maybe you meet your
soulmate as a result.
And so amazing
things can happen.
I think manifestation is not
really a matter of trying
to make things happen.
I think everything is already
happening in the universe.
Manifestation is
actually clearing away
all of the blockages that really
prevent us from being our most
authentic self.
And when we bring
ourselves into alignment--
you can't be in alignment lying
to yourself and living a lie.
But when you are in alignment
with your truth-- mind, body,
heart, soul, spirit--
and living that, then life, and
experiences, and situations,
and the next level of your life
start to gravitate towards you.
>>LISA: And so relationships.
You talk a lot about
relationships and help people
through the men breakthrough.
Is that what you call it?
>>BLACKSON: It's
man breakthrough.
Man breakthrough for women.
>>LISA: For women.
>>BLACKSON: For women.
>>LISA: Which I think is so
cool, because you're explaining
to women a little
bit more about men
and how to have those truly
authentic relationships.
>>BLACKSON: Yes, absolutely.
>>LISA: And so you have
this beautiful video
I want to share with
people about women.
First of all, tell us what's the
inspiration behind this video.
>>BLACKSON: My life, honestly,
has been profoundly blessed
and inspired by amazing women.
Somehow, it just may be
my karma in this lifetime,
from my mother, to
relationships, to just friends.
And so I've gotten to
maybe know women and have
a sensitivity to women, and
I've just been blessed by women.
So I think it's just through my
appreciation for the feminine
that I wanted to write a piece.
It's, I think, a letter to men.
[GENTLE MUSIC]
Forget trying to figure her out.
She is beyond your mind.
She is a sweet mystery.
Allow her to be that and she
will shine more brightly.
The real essence of
woman is beyond physical.
She exists as a formless dance.
Trust me, she just does.
When she opens and lets
you into her being,
tread with care and tenderness.
She doesn't need to be
understood with your mind.
Just love her.
Feel her heart,
not just her body.
You will find an infinite
river of surprises and delights
of endless wonder.
Yes, appreciate her beauty, but,
remember, she is so much more.
Her heart is vast
like the ocean itself.
Meet her there and she will show
you the meaning of real love.
Woman is love.
She is life.
She is graced.
She is a great mystery.
The bottom line,
just love her fully.
Just love her.
This is what she really wants.
Pretty simple.
>>LISA: What I loved
about that was you
are truly honoring women.
And you didn't come at it from
a place of, oh, I messed up
and I really want
to honor women now.
>>BLACKSON: Right.
[LISA AND KUTE LAUGH]
>>LISA: You came at this from
a really deep, beautiful source
of relating to women.
And I appreciate that,
and I'm sure all women do.
And men as well.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
>>LISA: To learn how
to honor the feminine.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
>>LISA: Yes.
I once saw this quote
about every human being
on this planet has gotten
here through a woman.
And so we have this beautiful
ability to birth life,
and it's such a gift.
>>BLACKSON: I mean, for
nine months, the woman,
the feminine--
as a mother, every thought you
think, every thing you eat,
every feeling, every
emotion is going
into the energetic
connection and communication
of the creation in the
nervous system of this child.
And so when I see a
woman and I think, whoa.
I see a woman who is pregnant.
I see-- it's like--
>>LISA: It's so beautiful.
>>BLACKSON: It's incredible.
>>LISA: And that never ends.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
>>LISA: That
connection never ends.
Well, when they figured out
how to get men pregnant,
you should be the first.
>>BLACKSON: I
don't know if I'm--
I give women props
because I don't know
if I'm quite ready for that.
I mean, look, I
mean, think about it.
Women just pop babies
out just like it's just,
you know, popping out babies.
Amazing.
I'm like, wait a second.
I have a headache,
Lisa, and I'm praying
to Kuan Yin and all the gods.
I'm on the floor
doing a ceremony.
And women have them nine months?
Like, if that is not a
miracle that we need to honor,
that's amazing.
And don't get-- men,
we're also amazing.
We have our own
uniqueness. as well.
>>LISA: Yes, absolutely.
When that comes
together, it's golden.
Well, thank you so much.
And I always ask
my guys, because I
see how much passion
you have, what
is the biggest
reason, the biggest
why that you do what you do?
>>BLACKSON: I can't
not do what I do, Lisa.
You know, I grew up in London
without a lot of money,
and I would sneak into
my father's church.
We lived behind my
father's church.
And I'd sneak into the church
in the middle of the night,
with the lights off
in darkness, and I
would speak to the empty chairs,
giving seminars for hours.
I was doing what
I'm doing when I
was making no money as an
eight, nine, 10-year-old kid
in the middle of the night
in my father's church,
visualizing souls around the
world being lit up for me.
It's my passion.
It's my calling.
It's my purpose.
It's what I have to do.
And so it's my love.
>>LISA: Yes.
And you definitely clearly--
you just embody that.
So thank you so much for
being an inspiration.
>>BLACKSON: Thank you.
>>LISA: And for sharing
with us that we are the one.
>>BLACKSON: Yes.
>>LISA: Thank you so much.
And thank you so
much for being here
and sharing this hour with us.
If you'd like to watch more
inspirational programming,
go to "Inspirations" on Gaia.
I'm Lisa Garr and I invite
you, as always, to stay aware.
[MUSIC PLAYING]